---
layout: post
title: SUGCH 2020/1 - 
---

We've been kicking off the first SUGCH early in 2020! By the end of February we met at the Skyfall at Westhive in Zurich. The location with a nice view was kindly sponsored by VIU.

Although a few have been absent due to winter holidays, 22 Sitecore enthousiasts gathered together to learn about cutting edge topics in todays Sitecore world. But before we kicked off the meetup, we had some news to share: Per now you can purchase SUGCH shirts, hoodies and caps in our custom <a href="https://shop.spreadshirt.ch/sugch/">Spreadshirt store</a>!

xxx screen spreadshirt?

## Presentations

Here's a short re-cap of the presentations. With three presentations going the full 45 minutes (and more) we decided to cancel the round tables for this time and prioritized networking.

### Sitecore Content Hub - How to extend and customize a SaaS solution

Arne Schlüter is actually the first Sitecore representative since quite a while taking the stage at a SUGCH. He introduced us to one of the newest offerings from Sitecore: the Sitecore Content Hub. In an engaging presentation, packed with details and hands-on demo content, Arne showed how Content Hub fits into the Sitecore eco system, how easy it is to setup, configure and use metadata and more.

### Boosting Sitecore Development with Sitecore Docker

[Peter Nazarov](https://twitter.com/pnz_peter)
Sitecore Docker enables developers rolling out and switching between Sitecore environments in minutes with no hassle and without using SIF at all. You can spin up a standard Sitecore instance with the desired topology (XM, XP & XC) and the desired standard set of modules (SPE, SXA, JSS, Publishing Service). This session will provide a walk-through on how to get started with Sitecore Docker and spot the light on the Pros&Cons of Sitecore Docker approach.


### Building and Deploying a JSS Solution with Azure DevOps for on-prem and Azure

This talk takes a look at our approach on how we have set up a build and deployment system for a JSS Solution in Azure DevOps. It will go into technical details, learnings and considerations which we have gathered during the setup.


[Jason Wilkerson](https://twitter.com/LonghornTaco) took us on a quick journey back in time when Microsoft's Office Helper _Clippy_ was a thing and did an excellent job introducing the audience to Sitecore Cortex, setting it into context in machine learning and artificial intelligence world. Or how he summarized it:

> Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence are all the rage in buzz words these days and Marketers are eagerly searching for ways to incorporate this new landscape of technology into their customer's journeys. Cortex may be the answer to that search! In this session, we'll talk about Sitecore Cortex, its out-of-the-box functionality, as well as how you might leverage it today. We'll also discuss how and when you might extend it to achieve additional business goals through automation, including custom workers and agents.





Follow us on Twitter and visit the [moment on twitter](https://twitter.com/i/events/1241853914456240130) and see you at the next Sitecore User Group Switzerland.
